The Challenge: Build a Web-based Search App

Using SolrNet (https://github.com/SolrNet/SolrNet) or Lucene, build an easy-to-use and visually pleasing web-based search application.
 

Basic Features:

The website should load and index some randomly generated or selected test data.
Your test data can be anything you want but should be at least several thousand records.
The app should allow the user to enter keywords and find your indexed content.
Your app should also feature a responsive design to ensure it renders well for a variety of screen sizes and resolutions.
 

Advanced Features:

Stemming should be used – for example, when searching for “engineer”, the search should also return results for “engineering”, “engineers”, and “engineered”.
Spell checking should present corrected search terms for user misspellings.
Related search terms could be displayed when a user has searched, suggesting alternate keywords related to what they’ve already searched for.
Auto-complete should suggest search terms as the user types in the search box.
Attach meta-data to your indexed records and provide faceting options for the user to filter by.
 

You don’t have to code all these features! Choose the features you want to implement – the scope can be as simple or complex as you want, but we want to see polish. We leave it a little ambiguous on purpose, please feel free to be creative and show us how you like to design and write code.

 

We’re looking for the following:

Can you research and learn something new that you might not be entirely familiar with?
Can you ask the right questions to get what you need?
Can you manage your time effectively to deliver something of value?
Can you design something that is easy-to-use and visually pleasing?
 

Please send me your solution by next Tuesday, April 16th. You can send me a link to your GitHub (preferred) or a zipped attachment. Also please include steps to deploy and run your app.

 

If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to ask. Asking for clarification is encouraged.